okay so the zenfone 7 and 7 pro were
just announced these are the
successor to the zenfone 6 from last
year
now this phone if you're unfamiliar with
the zenfone 6 had like the full screen
up front like no notch no camera no
punctual nothing
and in order to get a camera up front it
used this
flipping mechanism it would pop up and
it was it was cool
now this phone had one not issue it was
like a it was a wish item that people
just
wished for everyone wanted this thing to
have an oled panel
it had an ips panel it to be able to hit
that 500 price point last year
and they did it 500 really good phone
but
no oled panel they've updated it this
year so that the zenfone 7
now has an oled panel a 90 hertz oled
panel from samsung and it's a really
nice screen
it's 1080p it's really fast and smooth
for the people that can appreciate it
the colors are better
everything about this panel is just
nicer than the previous ips panel it
really was the biggest complaint that
people had
about the zenfone 6 and they've
addressed it this is a
much nicer screen uh the speakers
they're technically stereo again but it
still has the same issue like one of the
things i noted about the zenfone 6
is that even though it's stereo the
bottom speaker sounds so much louder
than the top speaker
i was hoping that they'd address it i
feel like this is actually a pretty
important part
of the media experience like when you
have such a nice screen it's
uninterrupted
and then your stereo sound feels kind of
unbalanced because like the right or the
left depending on which we've oriented
it
is just so much more heavy that it just
takes away from the overall
media experience but the screen is so
much better this year particularly with
the contrast and blacks on the image now
in order to achieve this type of
uninterrupted display they have to do
that camera trick where it flips
and this year the camera is improved
it's
faster it's better it's possibly
stronger like the hinge
it is a significantly improved camera
system now one of the concerns that
people had when the zenfone 6 launched
last year
was durability right like this flippy
cam how durable is it how many times
gonna go up and down how
fragile is it how rough can you be with
it and i think it spoke for itself
zach over at jerry riggs everything did
a pretty good test on it and
it is durable like way more durable than
you might imagine something like this to
be
and over the course of the year it seems
to have held up like lots of people have
purchased the zenfone 6
and camera durability is a non-issue uh
so the new one
it's slightly faster on launch so i'll
launch both at the same time like just
the flip up
see how the new one just pops up a
little bit faster it also drops down a
little bit faster
and it sounds different so this is the
new one
this is the old one so it's
it's just an ever slightly different
sound to me
i don't know if you could hear it there
it's like a smoother sound and even
visually
it looks like it actuates in a more
fluid manner the camera module
is a little bit bigger this year it's
now housing three lenses instead of two
from last year
uh but it doesn't feel like it's any
different in durability at least not
that i can tell
now the three sensors are different this
year the main sensors the sony imx
686 a pretty popular sensor for that
upper mid-range phone
it's also got the 12 megapixel wide
angle and
a 10x that's a lie 3x
optical zoom on the telephoto it goes up
to a 10x digital zoom
i can't post photos yet but my early
impressions of the camera system is that
number one it's so much better than last
year's camera system
i mean it's just got updated hardware
but two
if you pair this thing with gcam like
last year's zenfone 6 if you
put g cam on this thing it just shot
really nice
g cam on this hardware we've seen it
right there's a bunch of phones out
there like the k30 pro
and the pocophone f2 pro when you pair g
cam with the sensor
it delivers some really nice photos so
the back of the phone no longer has
the rear capacitive fingerprint sensor
like the zenfone 6
it's now moved to the side on the power
button it's like an integrated
capacitive sensor
there's something strange on this
particular unit i think this is just an
engineering sample
it's a little bit rough like the actual
power button has some sharp edges to it
but the actual fingerprint component
like the sensing is quite fast
i just hope that the retail units
resolve this kind of sharper edge
on that button okay some other
miscellaneous things it still has that
huge 5000 milliamp hour battery it's so
big
it's been updated to support 30 watt
fast charging which is
quite a bit faster than the 18 watt fast
charging on the zenfone 6
but it still does not support wireless
charging and i feel like it's a bit of a
miss
on this device it does have two kind of
battery
features or tweaks that you can do that
have been taken from the rog
phone three number one you can limit the
maximum charge so instead of
filling up to 100 every time you can
drop that down to like 80 90
whatever you want and the second thing
is that you can reduce the charging rate
so instead of
filling it up at a super fast 30 watt
fast charge rate you can fill it up a
little bit slower and the whole idea
behind both of those customizations
is that it extends the life of the
battery like not like your
day-to-day battery life but the
long-term durability or longevity
of the battery in the phone and it's
just something that enthusiasts will
appreciate but even if you
don't really care about that stuff if
you kept up with that routine
it just makes these phones last longer
now in terms of the soc the zenfone 7
pro
gets the kind of boosted overclocked
version the snapdragon 865 plus
but the regular zenfone 7 just gets the
regular 865.
and i think the other differences is
that the
regular zenfone 7 doesn't have any kind
of optical image stabilization
on the camera systems uh okay so that's
the good stuff right there's two things
that i think are
concerns though number one if you
noticed i did not mention
headphone jack this year they removed it
there's no headphone jack on the seven i
think
that was one of the best features of the
six
this was like one of the i personally
thought it was one of the coolest
features of this phone like it sounds so
stupid to be talking about a headphone
jack
on a phone being its coolest feature but
considering what this thing was and what
it delivered this was kind of unique for
its class uh no headphone jack this year
number two this is the big one price
and availability this phone is not
launching right away in the united
states or north america and
this was a phone like the zenfone 6 was
a very difficult phone to get it just
sold out quickly and it was very hard
for people all around the world to get
and maybe that's why they kind of
launched it in a more limited geographic
area this time to kind of
make sure that supply was good but the
other thing is price these have been
bumped up in price i don't know
at the point of shooting this what the
pricing is i just i actually don't know
the numbers but i do know that it is
more expensive
i don't blame them like if they could
have made this thing the same 500 price
tag as last year's phone
they would have made last year's phone
500 bucks and put in an amoled screen
right
but they've bumped it up with better
tech better camera sensors
but it's just invariably going to be
more expensive but that is the zenfone 7
pro
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time